community/zombieverse/story-notes.md, before:

---
title: 'Live Show Story Notes'
---
# ZOMBIEVERSE

**OCTOBER FEST PASS THE PEN - Oct 15th, 2021**

Pizza is up for grabs!! Start contributing now. :)

### Concept ideas
- [ ] Haunted?
- [ ] Escape zombies or witches in the metaverse
- [ ] Magic candy
- [ ] Halloween night
- [ ] 
- [ ] 

### It's a start...

Halloween night, main character gets transported to the metaverse and is required to fulfill a quest to return home.

### Location?
(Decentraland? Metaland? Zombieland? Hallowverse? Zombieverse!)

![zombieverse](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/879225108793815042/898631182001012806/unknown.png)

## CH1 - Game on (or game over?)


~~Person is at their computer on halloween night. Got stood up for a date... there's a huge storm outside.~~

Group of friends get together to go out to a party, but a storm hits and they decide to meetup online.

Friend: "I don't know about going out in this weather... We should all go out to **Zombieverse** instead!"

Main Char: "Sure, I guess"

*They're having trouble logging on with the storm going on... Then CRASH! A bolt of lightning teleports them to the unknown.*

*Wake up in the metavers in a rural part of town. See the lights of a city in the distance.*

They could be spirits for all we know...

They start traveling. Strange sounds all around. Could they be animals? 

Farmhouses... A chase scene begins... The two run to the nearest house and bangs on the door. No one appears to be home, but the porch light is on.

Knocks, knocks... "PLEASE HELP. SOMEBODY!"

---

(Maybe there were more than 2 people who got sucked out to the metaverse with the main char. Maybe they run into a couple others in the metaverse they don't know and make friends.)

Who all need to be in this story?
- Main char
- 2 friends (one gets killed off immediately!)

---

As he knocks on the door, behind him his friend is running up the driveway terrified. (first reunion with friend)

WTF IS GOING ON. SOMEBODY WAS CHASING ME! (there was a noise in the bushes)

IDK MAN. SHIT'S GETTING SPOOKY. LET'S KEEP GOIN. (they leave the house)

... another guy from the zombieverse appears on the road. Seems friendly(?)

The 3rd guy yells out "GUYS!". It appears to be their 3rd friend. "Can't believe I found you guys!"

Now they all go out to the next house, and someone actually opens the door!

"Here have some brains..." (not candy?? weird!)

Uh... no thanks, I already ate. We have to go to another party. (they continue on)

## CH2: The Meta Host Appears
Finally they get into the city.

They meet the "meta host" that welcomes them to Zombieverse. 

You only have 24hrs to fulfill this quest or else... you can't return. 

Do they have to find a wizard or... ??? in order to go back home.

(they are stuttering asking questions.) "Who is this wizard anyhow?"

Maybe there's a portal they have to go through to begin the quest.

... do they go in?

They go through the portal and the quest begins.


---
@EZ: Is the meta host the "quest master"? like a NPC that only has scripted responses. ILIKETHIS.

@DAZERINE: Maybe they go and knock on the door and a ghoul answers. And they say “wow, your dressed as a human” think they are there for trick or treat. So they world is inhabited by zombies ghosts etc but similar to ours

@PENNYBAGS: what if they all get an ominous invitation to a metaverse costume party which they reluctantly go to or even get forced into somehow- then it turns into a murder party or some of the costumed guests turn out to be the real thing ( i.e zombie, vampire, etc) :light_bulb: tossing out ideas before we go full zombie direction

@PHILOFAUSTIN: Maybe if they were in a play murder party IRL, they get sucked to zombiemetaverse and stumble upon a REAL murder party. High stakes. 

---

## CH3: Quest accepted.

They blast out of the portal into a new foreign place.

Somebody comes out to greet them (NPC ofcourse)... "WELCOME! DO YOU WANT TO PLAY A GAME?"

---
# START WRITING NOW!
This story must conclude on Friday 10/28 (in 2wks) when we will MINT the final product! Royalties will be attributed fairly amoungst all contributors who work to put this together. 

---

## @MARIAVERDE contribution made on 10/16...

When they enter the portal they arrive at the meta host parcel where they must complete the first mission to move on to the next one. Whoever fails to do so dies. 

"Okay, the first mission is this: each of you must put on these virtual reality glasses.  You will each see different things; three creepy things for each of you. You will have to face them and take each of them down before time runs out."
They each have 10 minutes to complete the mission, if they fail they will be immortalized in a NFT that he will put in his NFT gallery. And will never know the real world again. 
In 3, 2, 1...
The three of them put on their glasses and the journey begins. One of them had to fight wild Apes. Another will have to fight Yetis and the last one will have to fight zombies, hungry for blood and guts.

Unfortunately, the last one's greatest fear has always been zombies. He couldn't do much, he was instantly eaten by the zombies.
Game over.

The other two will have to go on their way, while he spends the rest of his days as part of the meta host's gallery. 
In the Zombieverse there is no time for fear.

Characters:
- Protagonist: Charlie: brown eyes, adventurous spirit, brown hair, NFT collector.
- Emily: blue eyes, competitive, brown hair. Ready to win.
- Chris: blue eyes, brown hair, scary. His fears are stronger than he is.

Commit message:

quick updates... added outline to zombieverse

community/zombieverse/story-notes.md, after:

---
title: 'Live Show Story Notes'
---
## ZOMBIEVERSE short story by PAGEDAO

![zombieverse](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/879225108793815042/898631182001012806/unknown.png)

### Premise...

Halloween night, main character gets transported to the metaverse and is required to fulfill a quest to return home.

### Outline

Chapter Outline:
- Enter the Zombieverse
- 1st challenge
- 2nd challenge
- final challenge
- return to the real world

### Characters



## CH1 - Game on (or game over?)


~~Person is at their computer on halloween night. Got stood up for a date... there's a huge storm outside.~~

Group of friends get together to go out to a party, but a storm hits and they decide to meetup online.

Friend: "I don't know about going out in this weather... We should all go out to **Zombieverse** instead!"

Main Char: "Sure, I guess"

*They're having trouble logging on with the storm going on... Then CRASH! A bolt of lightning teleports them to the unknown.*

*Wake up in the metavers in a rural part of town. See the lights of a city in the distance.*

They could be spirits for all we know...

They start traveling. Strange sounds all around. Could they be animals? 

Farmhouses... A chase scene begins... The two run to the nearest house and bangs on the door. No one appears to be home, but the porch light is on.

Knocks, knocks... "PLEASE HELP. SOMEBODY!"

---

(Maybe there were more than 2 people who got sucked out to the metaverse with the main char. Maybe they run into a couple others in the metaverse they don't know and make friends.)

Who all need to be in this story?
- Main char
- 2 friends (one gets killed off immediately!)

---

As he knocks on the door, behind him his friend is running up the driveway terrified. (first reunion with friend)

WTF IS GOING ON. SOMEBODY WAS CHASING ME! (there was a noise in the bushes)

IDK MAN. SHIT'S GETTING SPOOKY. LET'S KEEP GOIN. (they leave the house)

... another guy from the zombieverse appears on the road. Seems friendly(?)

The 3rd guy yells out "GUYS!". It appears to be their 3rd friend. "Can't believe I found you guys!"

Now they all go out to the next house, and someone actually opens the door!

"Here have some brains..." (not candy?? weird!)

Uh... no thanks, I already ate. We have to go to another party. (they continue on)

## CH2: The Meta Host Appears
Finally they get into the city.

They meet the "meta host" that welcomes them to Zombieverse. 

You only have 24hrs to fulfill this quest or else... you can't return. 

Do they have to find a wizard or... ??? in order to go back home.

(they are stuttering asking questions.) "Who is this wizard anyhow?"

Maybe there's a portal they have to go through to begin the quest.

... do they go in?

They go through the portal and the quest begins.


---
@EZ: Is the meta host the "quest master"? like a NPC that only has scripted responses. ILIKETHIS.

@DAZERINE: Maybe they go and knock on the door and a ghoul answers. And they say “wow, your dressed as a human” think they are there for trick or treat. So they world is inhabited by zombies ghosts etc but similar to ours

@PENNYBAGS: what if they all get an ominous invitation to a metaverse costume party which they reluctantly go to or even get forced into somehow- then it turns into a murder party or some of the costumed guests turn out to be the real thing ( i.e zombie, vampire, etc) :light_bulb: tossing out ideas before we go full zombie direction

@PHILOFAUSTIN: Maybe if they were in a play murder party IRL, they get sucked to zombiemetaverse and stumble upon a REAL murder party. High stakes. 

---

## CH3: Quest accepted.

They blast out of the portal into a new foreign place.

Somebody comes out to greet them (NPC ofcourse)... "WELCOME! DO YOU WANT TO PLAY A GAME?"

---
# START WRITING NOW!
This story must conclude on Friday 10/28 (in 2wks) when we will MINT the final product! Royalties will be attributed fairly amoungst all contributors who work to put this together. 

---

## @MARIAVERDE contribution made on 10/16...

When they enter the portal they arrive at the meta host parcel where they must complete the first mission to move on to the next one. Whoever fails to do so dies. 

"Okay, the first mission is this: each of you must put on these virtual reality glasses.  You will each see different things; three creepy things for each of you. You will have to face them and take each of them down before time runs out."
They each have 10 minutes to complete the mission, if they fail they will be immortalized in a NFT that he will put in his NFT gallery. And will never know the real world again. 
In 3, 2, 1...
The three of them put on their glasses and the journey begins. One of them had to fight wild Apes. Another will have to fight Yetis and the last one will have to fight zombies, hungry for blood and guts.

Unfortunately, the last one's greatest fear has always been zombies. He couldn't do much, he was instantly eaten by the zombies.
Game over.

The other two will have to go on their way, while he spends the rest of his days as part of the meta host's gallery. 
In the Zombieverse there is no time for fear.

Characters:
- Protagonist: Charlie: brown eyes, adventurous spirit, brown hair, NFT collector.
- Emily: blue eyes, competitive, brown hair. Ready to win.
- Chris: blue eyes, brown hair, scary. His fears are stronger than he is.
