docs/faq.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
title: FAQ
---

# FAQ

## How to create a new crypto wallet with Metamask?

- ### Step 1: Download and install the app add-on
The first thing you have to do is **install the add-on in your Chrome browser** or the mobile app that suits you best on the [Metamask](https://metamask.io/download.html) page. If you are desktop, you can visit [this link](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/metamask/nkbihfbeogaeaoehlefnkodbefgpgknn) directly and click on **"Add to Chrome"** . Once accepted and added to your browser, you will see the **fox icon** at the top right in the **extensions bar**.

![Metamask Main Site](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/f24844_887fb772f5434b5b899a81d6d97e598f~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_554,h_393,al_c,q_95/f24844_887fb772f5434b5b899a81d6d97e598f~mv2.webp)

- ### Step 2: Follow the help wizard to create your wallet
To start creating an account, simply hit the fox icon in your browser and select **"Start Now"** . It will ask you if you want to **import a wallet or create a new one** . Click on create a new one. It will generate a unique Seed phrase and prompt you to write a password that should be different to the ones you have on other sites such as email or Facebook to ensure good security. 

- ### Step 3: Write down the seed phrase
The **seed phrase** is **the most important part** of the entire process of creating an account in Metamask. In fact, it is not by chance that Metamask does a double check to see that we have it correctly writed down. 

The seed phrase is the key you will use to **restore access to our wallet** on any device. With this phrase, **anyone can access and use your funds**. It is **very important to** store this phrase in safely, either on a physical format and hide it so only you know where it is, use a Hardware wallet like Trezor or Ledger, or something like that. **Never  ever** **store this security phrase on a digital medium with internet access and no security** .

Once we have written it down and thought of a **safe place** to save it, we will double check in Metamask by completing the seed phrase in the right order.

## How do I use Metamask?
Using Metamask is **quite simple**: when you visit a **web page** that needs you to connect your wallet, click on the button and the Metamask extension will pop up and ask for your **authorization**. On the other hand, if you attend an event where they give **POAPs** or want to be sent **ETH** , just give your **Ethereum address**. 

When you click on the Fox icon you will be prompted to Unblock your wallet with the **previous created password (NOT your Seed Phrase)** in this window, below **"Account 1"**, you will see a number starting with **"0x ..."**. That number is your **Ethereum address**. This address is like **a bank account number, or email address** - is the one you have to give so ppl can send you ETH, NFTs, and Ethereum-based tokens.

Also, with Metamask, we can use our account to connect to virtual environments like **Decentraland**, **The Sandbox Game** or **Cryptovoxels**.

We must **be careful when connecting our wallet to a website**, since many times we do not know what we are signing. Therefore, it is convenient to use it on sites we trust or use an alternative wallet without cryptocurrencies to test first.

## How to add Tokens and Custom Tokens
Usually, Metamask shows in the **"Assets"** tab all the **ERC20 standard** tokens (or cryptocurrencies) that you own. If one of the tokens in your wallet does not show automatically, you can go down and select **"Add token"**. This will open a search bar showing the most used standard tokens. Once you click on one of them and hit **"Next"** and **"Add Token"**, it will appear on the list.

![enter image description here](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/f24844_464105d2d4274a78b38e4421466409c6~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_207,h_345,al_c,q_95/f24844_464105d2d4274a78b38e4421466409c6~mv2.webp)

Sometimes the token you are looking for will not appear in the default list, like **PAGE**. In that case, click on **"Custom Token"** and you will simply have to enter the **contract address** in the first field, that you can get from the page site on [CoinGecko](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/page), the **acronyms or letters** with which you want it to be displayed (for example, PAGE) and the **number of decimals** you want to show.

## How to buy/sell PAGE

- ### Step 1: Purchase ETH
So now that you have your own crypto wallet, you will need to fund it with some ETH, to be able to buy PAGE. To do this, go to any of the major exchanges like [Coinbase](https://www.coinbase.com/) and follow their instructions to purchase.
- ### Step 2: Transfer ETH to your Metamask wallet
Follow directions on [Coinbase](https://www.coinbase.com/learn/tips-and-tutorials/how-to-send-crypto) or whichever DEX you purchased your ETH for sending to your Metamask crypto wallet. Once you have ETH in your wallet, it's time to buy some PAGE.

- ### Step 3: Swap ETH for PAGE on Uniswap

PAGE can only be currently traded on the decentralized exchange (DEX), Uniswap. Through this platform we can sell or buy PAGE (and many other ERC-20 Tokens in a decentralized, peer to peer manner). 

Go to [Uniswap](https://bit.ly/swap-page) and enter an amount of ETH you would like to swap as PAGE. 

Again, as in the Metamask case, **PAGE** will not be listed on the dropdown menu, but when you click it you can just paste the PAGE contract address on the Searchbar like you did on Metamask, and it will register it.

After the desired amount is entered, you can just click on **"Swap"** Button and the proccess will begin. Usually, is just 1 transaction, but if it is the first time you swap that token, it will ask you first for a token aproval, and then for the swap. **So it will be a total of 2 transactions on Ethereum to pay gas for**.

## How to earn PAGE
Buying is not the only way to get **PAGE**, you can go to our [Discord](https://discord.gg/zzuTJh2xQn) become part of our **NFTBooks** Lovers comunity, be active, and interact with all the cool stuff that happens there. We Have several events a week and activities you can earn some PAGE for participating into! and we have also bounties, wich are little tasks to help the project/community that you will be rewarded to the first person doing them.

## What can I do with my PAGE?

The most popular use of $PAGE is to pay bounties on [Dework] for writing. 

Page tokens grant weight to governance votes, though Snapshot is currently operated on a one-person, one-vote basis. 

Page grants access (100 or more) to the PageDAO private discord channels. 

1000 Page tokens can be exchanged for a Membership NFT. (100 Memberships only!)

If you LP on Uniswap, you can [stake your LP tokens into our LP Mining pool to earn rewards in Page].


## How do I stake my PAGE LP Tokens once I LP on Uniswap?

- ### Step 1: Go to Tosdis.Finance

Follow this [link](https://app.tosdis.finance/poolView?pool=0xafee6e3a2f029d87456d500119603d8a1f600272) to go to our staking pool directly

- ### Step 2: Stake it!

As with any other Dapp, if you have not already, connect your metamask on the upper right corner of the app.

Now you will be in a page like this:

![enter image description here](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AM-JKLUXA7OOuAreWADwEFpkB-NDT6FfIU-xk2SQbvAO9g1i7AptPc2gw7s1ThLyoo6I46LmUooYQ7gdONuc0hRzQqkBX0lG0P-Mf66C38PGexKmvOiCvGOB08tDYtRSV7vwUF2a7RoIMWbXCIRddgktS94=w812-h645-no?authuser=0)

Again, same as with Uniswap, if its the first time you are using this service you will have to do 2 transactions on Ethereum, 1 to approve, and the other the actual amount that you will stake.

**NOTE:** Staking requires you to provide the same amount of **BOTH Tokens**, in this case, ETH and PAGE.

When the transactions are done, you can just wait and be rewarded! 



## **How Do I Mint an NFTBook?**

Go to https://membership.nftbookbazaar.com to get a Membership NFT if you don't already have one.

Open https://mint.nftbookbazaar.com and connect your wallet to the Polygon network. Follow the steps to upload your book's PDF and art, then visit your wallet address on OpenSea to list them on the market if you like.

Commit message:

added Dework boards to earn Page

docs/faq.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
title: FAQ
---

# FAQ

## How to create a new crypto wallet with Metamask?

- ### Step 1: Download and install the app add-on
The first thing you have to do is **install the add-on in your Chrome browser** or the mobile app that suits you best on the [Metamask](https://metamask.io/download.html) page. If you are desktop, you can visit [this link](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/metamask/nkbihfbeogaeaoehlefnkodbefgpgknn) directly and click on **"Add to Chrome"** . Once accepted and added to your browser, you will see the **fox icon** at the top right in the **extensions bar**.

![Metamask Main Site](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/f24844_887fb772f5434b5b899a81d6d97e598f~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_554,h_393,al_c,q_95/f24844_887fb772f5434b5b899a81d6d97e598f~mv2.webp)

- ### Step 2: Follow the help wizard to create your wallet
To start creating an account, simply hit the fox icon in your browser and select **"Start Now"** . It will ask you if you want to **import a wallet or create a new one** . Click on create a new one. It will generate a unique Seed phrase and prompt you to write a password that should be different to the ones you have on other sites such as email or Facebook to ensure good security. 

- ### Step 3: Write down the seed phrase
The **seed phrase** is **the most important part** of the entire process of creating an account in Metamask. In fact, it is not by chance that Metamask does a double check to see that we have it correctly writed down. 

The seed phrase is the key you will use to **restore access to our wallet** on any device. With this phrase, **anyone can access and use your funds**. It is **very important to** store this phrase in safely, either on a physical format and hide it so only you know where it is, use a Hardware wallet like Trezor or Ledger, or something like that. **Never  ever** **store this security phrase on a digital medium with internet access and no security** .

Once we have written it down and thought of a **safe place** to save it, we will double check in Metamask by completing the seed phrase in the right order.

## How do I use Metamask?
Using Metamask is **quite simple**: when you visit a **web page** that needs you to connect your wallet, click on the button and the Metamask extension will pop up and ask for your **authorization**. On the other hand, if you attend an event where they give **POAPs** or want to be sent **ETH** , just give your **Ethereum address**. 

When you click on the Fox icon you will be prompted to Unblock your wallet with the **previous created password (NOT your Seed Phrase)** in this window, below **"Account 1"**, you will see a number starting with **"0x ..."**. That number is your **Ethereum address**. This address is like **a bank account number, or email address** - is the one you have to give so ppl can send you ETH, NFTs, and Ethereum-based tokens.

Also, with Metamask, we can use our account to connect to virtual environments like **Decentraland**, **The Sandbox Game** or **Cryptovoxels**.

We must **be careful when connecting our wallet to a website**, since many times we do not know what we are signing. Therefore, it is convenient to use it on sites we trust or use an alternative wallet without cryptocurrencies to test first.

## How to add Tokens and Custom Tokens
Usually, Metamask shows in the **"Assets"** tab all the **ERC20 standard** tokens (or cryptocurrencies) that you own. If one of the tokens in your wallet does not show automatically, you can go down and select **"Add token"**. This will open a search bar showing the most used standard tokens. Once you click on one of them and hit **"Next"** and **"Add Token"**, it will appear on the list.

![enter image description here](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/f24844_464105d2d4274a78b38e4421466409c6~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_207,h_345,al_c,q_95/f24844_464105d2d4274a78b38e4421466409c6~mv2.webp)

Sometimes the token you are looking for will not appear in the default list, like **PAGE**. In that case, click on **"Custom Token"** and you will simply have to enter the **contract address** in the first field, that you can get from the page site on [CoinGecko](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/page), the **acronyms or letters** with which you want it to be displayed (for example, PAGE) and the **number of decimals** you want to show.

## How to buy/sell PAGE

- ### Step 1: Purchase ETH
So now that you have your own crypto wallet, you will need to fund it with some ETH, to be able to buy PAGE. To do this, go to any of the major exchanges like [Coinbase](https://www.coinbase.com/) and follow their instructions to purchase.
- ### Step 2: Transfer ETH to your Metamask wallet
Follow directions on [Coinbase](https://www.coinbase.com/learn/tips-and-tutorials/how-to-send-crypto) or whichever DEX you purchased your ETH for sending to your Metamask crypto wallet. Once you have ETH in your wallet, it's time to buy some PAGE.

- ### Step 3: Swap ETH for PAGE on Uniswap

PAGE can only be currently traded on the decentralized exchange (DEX), Uniswap. Through this platform we can sell or buy PAGE (and many other ERC-20 Tokens in a decentralized, peer to peer manner). 

Go to [Uniswap](https://bit.ly/swap-page) and enter an amount of ETH you would like to swap as PAGE. 

Again, as in the Metamask case, **PAGE** will not be listed on the dropdown menu, but when you click it you can just paste the PAGE contract address on the Searchbar like you did on Metamask, and it will register it.

After the desired amount is entered, you can just click on **"Swap"** Button and the proccess will begin. Usually, is just 1 transaction, but if it is the first time you swap that token, it will ask you first for a token aproval, and then for the swap. **So it will be a total of 2 transactions on Ethereum to pay gas for**.

## How to earn PAGE
You can earn $PAGE in a variety of ways, including Dework boards by PageDAO and Meta-Builders that offer writers the opportunity to write for cryptocurrency. 

The PageDAO section of the Meta-Builders Dework board is here: https://app.dework.xyz/meta-builders/page-dao-writers-gui

And the PageDAO has its own independent Dework board here: https://app.dework.xyz/pagedao-web3-writers

## What can I do with my PAGE?

The most popular use of $PAGE is to pay bounties on [Dework] for writing. 

Page tokens grant weight to governance votes, though Snapshot is currently operated on a one-person, one-vote basis. 

Page grants access (100 or more) to the PageDAO private discord channels. 

1000 Page tokens can be exchanged for a Membership NFT. (100 Memberships only!)

If you LP on Uniswap, you can [stake your LP tokens into our LP Mining pool to earn rewards in Page].


## How do I stake my PAGE LP Tokens once I LP on Uniswap?

- ### Step 1: Go to Tosdis.Finance

Follow this [link](https://app.tosdis.finance/poolView?pool=0xafee6e3a2f029d87456d500119603d8a1f600272) to go to our staking pool directly

- ### Step 2: Stake it!

As with any other Dapp, if you have not already, connect your metamask on the upper right corner of the app.

Now you will be in a page like this:

![enter image description here](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AM-JKLUXA7OOuAreWADwEFpkB-NDT6FfIU-xk2SQbvAO9g1i7AptPc2gw7s1ThLyoo6I46LmUooYQ7gdONuc0hRzQqkBX0lG0P-Mf66C38PGexKmvOiCvGOB08tDYtRSV7vwUF2a7RoIMWbXCIRddgktS94=w812-h645-no?authuser=0)

Again, same as with Uniswap, if its the first time you are using this service you will have to do 2 transactions on Ethereum, 1 to approve, and the other the actual amount that you will stake.

**NOTE:** Staking requires you to provide the same amount of **BOTH Tokens**, in this case, ETH and PAGE.

When the transactions are done, you can just wait and be rewarded! 



## **How Do I Mint an NFTBook?**

Go to https://membership.nftbookbazaar.com to get a Membership NFT if you don't already have one.

Open https://mint.nftbookbazaar.com and connect your wallet to the Polygon network. Follow the steps to upload your book's PDF and art, then visit your wallet address on OpenSea to list them on the market if you like.
